[Doc] Reword the section about the locale in Live Components (#1539)
symfony/ux: src/LiveComponent/doc/index.rst

    $ yarn install --force
    $ yarn watch

If your project is localized in different languages (either via the `_locale route parameter`_
or by `setting the locale in the request`_) add the ``{ _locale}`` attribute to

> the UX Live Components route definition to keep the locale between refreshes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the UX Live Components route definition to keep the locale between re-renders:
```

Author: Fixed! Thanks Kevin.
